Nash, you okay?
Come on.
- Not bad.
- Yeah?
You may have a future yet, kid.
- Thanks, Herb.
- Hi, Wheeler.
- Hey.
- I just wanted to say again
how sorry I am about
what happened.
- It's okay.
- Eli has a really
bad temper and stuff.
His mom is making him see
a therapist.
It's okay. No big deal.
Or permanent damage.
Also I wanted to tell you
I got my SAT score back.
Oh, yeah?
How'd you do?
- I got an 1180.
- That's fantastic.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks.
I'm proud of you.
You worked really hard.
I should go.
You're a really good
teacher, Wheeler.
Hey, Mr. Trips,
when you're done inspiring
future generations,
I could use more olives.
Shalom.
Rabbi.
Glorious day,
isn't it?
I suppose.
Can I help you
with something?
You can indulge me.
I know as a man I am supposed
to keep my distance,
but as a man of God,
when I see someone hurting,
I'm drawn to them
like a moth to a flame,
Hmm.
A wise man once said--
"There is nothing more whole
than a broken heart."
If you say so.
I know so.
Back in rabbinical school,
there were several occasions
where a girl I was crazy about
was stolen away by another guy,
often a sporty fellow
such as yourself.
Of course, at the time,
it was devastating.
But I took comfort
in the fact
that there is nothing
in this life
that isn't willed
by the creator.
And I kept the faith
that someday
He would see fit
that I would be the one
to win the girl.
**
Reminds me of the backyard
wedding from "Scarface," right?
Fewer tigers.
Can't believe old Barry's
actually getting hitched.
Used to be quite the cocksman
back in the day.
I could tell you some stories.
- Please don't.
- Your loss.
- Hi, sweetheart.
- Hey. You guys come together?
- Yeah.
- No.
What your father means is
we were invited separately,
but since neither of us
were bringing dates,
we figured we'd carpool
to save gas.
- It was your mother's idea.
- Okay.
I gotta sit.
My sciatica's bothering me.
Okay.
Bye.
- Check you out.
- Yeah, he cleans up good,
don't he?
- I look like
a mattress salesman.
- You do not. Tell him.
I wouldn't buy a mattress
from you.
Even if my prices
were insane?
Mmm.
Nash. Hey, dude.
- Boychick, boychick, my dear.
- Hey.
Hey, you know, a couple
of Karen's hot friends
from nursing school are here.
That should prove fortuitous
if anyone chokes
on a Jordan almond
and requires the Heimlich.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm going to go find
a "me-maw" to sit beside.
He's really taking
this breakup hard, huh?
- Yeah.
It doesn't help that
everywhere he goes in the club
he bumps into Mrs. Horowitz
and her rabbi.
We gotta cheer him up, man.
You get a chance
to talk to Ganz yet?
I paged him,
but he hasn't called me back.
Think he's in jail?
Hopefully not at the bottom
of the Hudson.
- Ganz, is he the--
- Hey, there's two seats.
- Let's go grab them.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
So when are we gonna talk
about what happened
the other night?
Never.
I'm sorry
if I hurt your feelings,
or if I sent
the wrong signals--
Just drop it, okay?
It never happened.
I just didn't know you still
had those kinds of feelings.
I don't want to talk
about it, Judy.
- Well, I do, because
I think it's important--
- Oh, God damn it.
- This was a mistake.
- Sam.
- Excuse me. I'm sorry.
- Sam, wait.
- Pardon me. Excuse me.
- Wait. Where are you going?
Thank you.
Seriously, Sam?
Really?
Oh, great.
That's just great.
- How's it going, Tito?
- Yeah, not bad.
- I'm getting some good stuff.
- Sweet.
How about you?
Everything cool?
As an above ground pool.
- You sure?
- No.
What's wrong?
Karen's freaking out.
She's in the bathroom
upstairs.
Says she feels like
she might puke or pass out.
Hopefully not both
at the same time.
That's how Hendrix died.
I don't know
if she's coming out.
Oh, shit.
What are you gonna do?
I was hoping maybe
you go talk to her.
- Me?
- You know her
better than anyone.
- She'll listen to you.
- Why not you?
Bad luck if I see her
before the ceremony.
That's just
an old wives' tale.
Yeah,
my bro thought that.
His kid came out
looking like Dr. Zaius.
I'm sorry. I can't.
Because you don't think
she should marry me?
No, because I think it's
a decision she needs
to make for herself.
Please.
I love her.
- Go away, Mom.
- It's not your mom.
Can I come in?
You okay?
I don't know.
You need a doctor
or something?
A therapist maybe.
This must seem
pretty funny to you
since I was always the one
in such a hurry to grow up.
No, I don't think it's funny.
- Did Barry send you?
- He asked me to.
I said no.
I wasn't gonna talk you
into marrying him.
- Why are you here?
- Because I figured
you'd probably feel
pretty alone right now,
and I wanted you to know
you're not.
And also to tell you,
if you don't wanna go
through with this,
you don't have to.
Just say the word,
and I'll get you out of here.
You'd do that for me?
Yeah, of course.
So you want me
to pull the car around?
I don't know
what I want anymore.
Maybe this will help.
Hey, babe. It's me, Barry.
I know you're feeling
pretty overwhelmed right now,
and I don't blame you.
I'm feeling pretty
overwhelmed myself.
I never thought
I'd settle down.
Figured some horses just
weren't meant to be broke--
...that I'd roam these lands
wild, lonely, and free.
Then one day you galloped
into my life,
a sexy Palomino,
wind blowing through
your mane.
And even though there was
another guy riding you
at the time,
I knew one day
you'd be the one to tame me.
And you did, Karen.
You're back to being
a woman now in this metaphor,
because Karen's not really
a good name for a horse.
Usually they're called things
like Peanut or Apache.
Anyway.
The point is...
I love you,
and I'm done roaming.
You done broke
this wild mustang.
Got me eating out
of your hand.
And I'm not interested
in anyone's sugar lumps
but yours.
So...
will you make me
the happiest horse on earth,
and ride off
into the sunset with me?
Yes.
Tell him I said yes.
**
* Time *
* I've been passing time
watching trains go by *
* All of my life *
* Lying on the sand
watching seabirds fly *
* Wishing there would be *
* Someone waiting home
for me *
* Something's telling me
it might be you *
* It's telling me
* All of my life *
**
* You never asked me to stay *
* Until the morning *
- I'm impressed.
- Huh?
Your work ethic.
By now, most videographers
would be shitfaced and hitting
on bridesmaids.
That was my M.O.
- You've been a videographer?
- I've been everything, kid...
including married.
- Hey, you want a job?
- Sure.
I'm not kidding.
Could use someone
like you down at ZBX.
Not afraid to work.
You know your way around
an editing deck,
don't have an aversion
to bathing.
Really?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
Uh, can I have some time
to think about it?
Yes, think it over.
All right, I gotta find
a way to eat this.
- Hey!
- Oh, gosh!
- Hey. Hey.
- Hi.
Hey.
Hey, um, you look great.
Thank you.
You sounded real good
out here.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Who knew you had
such a sensitive side?
Yeah, well,
after we broke up,
I did a lot
of soul searching.
I got in touch
with the real Steve,
the guy that just wants
to love and, you know,
- be loved.
- Hmm.
I've changed.
All right,
that was a nice talk.
- Excuse me.
- So if you really--
Beautiful ceremony,
wasn't it?
Mm-hmm.
- They looked so happy.
- Yup.
Sam, we're adults.
We should be able to talk
about what happened the
other night.
I don't wanna.
Karen! Sweetheart!
- Hi!
- Hey.
- So beautiful.
- Thank you.
Thank you, Mrs. Myers.
Actually, I've decided
to go back to my maiden name--
- Rosen.
- Since when?
Um, it just became official
a few days ago.
Excuse me, I'm gonna
go get something to drink.
So, where are you kids
going on your honeymoon?
- Acapulco.
- Mexico, huh?
Great, great.
Don't drink the water.
Yeah, it's what I hear.
Or eat the food.
How's my Gracie doing?
She's great.
Great.
Don't even know she's there.
So that's my story,
cuckolded by a man
of the cloth.
That's what they'll carve
on my gravestone,
except I plan to be cremated
and have my ashes scattered
across a women's softball team.
Nasser.
Skip.
Can I help you
with something?
Just doing some recon on those
two girls standing over there
- by that huppah.
- It's not a huppah.
It's a trellis.
- Same difference.
- No, it isn't.
A huppah is a sacred symbol
of Jewish matrimony.
A trellis is
a garden decoration.
Whatever.
Point is, seems like
a wasted opportunity.
Both of us are flying solo.
Thought maybe we could team up.
You're asking me
to be your wingman?
No, I'm afraid
my flying days are over.
I'll do it.
No.
**
* I just close my eyes *
* And you'll appear *
* Just like you always *
* Did before *
* And when I call
your name... *
You wanna dance?
- Aren't you working?
- I'm on a break.
Everything okay
with you and Dad?
Oh, fine.
Why did he change seats
before the ceremony?
I think your father's having
a hard time moving on.
I thought it was both
your ideas to get divorced.
I did, too.
So your dad tells me
that you and Skye broke up.
Yeah. Well, not officially.
We had a pretty big fight,
and we haven't talked since.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- No.
- Want my advice?
- Okay.
- No offense, Mom.
I appreciate it.
But I just think it's something
I need to figure out on my own.
So why didn't you bring
a date today?
Well, I'm not seeing anyone
right now.
But you were?
Um, well,
the person I was seeing
wanted to go faster
than I did,
and I just wasn't ready
for a real relationship.
Why not?
You know, I was Mrs. Sam Myers
for so long.
It's nice to just be Judy
for once.
Oh, and not have to worry
about anybody
but me and you, of course.
You don't need to worry
about me, Mom.
Don't I?
That's good cake!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Aren't you having
a good time?
Totally.
Um, I just...
Fuck.
What?
What would you say if I were
to go back to school?
Finish my degree.
Maybe get my teaching
certificate.
Are you serious?
I would say that's awesome.
- Yeah?
- Yeah!
I think you would make
an amazing teacher.
- You think?
- Yeah, absolutely.
This will be so much fun.
We can study together.
We can make out in the stacks
at the library.
Actually, I was thinking of
maybe going back to Cornell.
Oh.
- Travalanche.
- Barracuda.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- So glad you can make it.
- Open bar.
Hey, hey.
Got a box of videos
I want to bequeath to you
upon my return from Mexico.
What videos?
"Emmanuel,"
Joys Of A Woman,"
"Black Emmanuel."
My whole collection.
The whole tugboat.
You can't be serious.
Are you sure?
Not gonna be needing them
anymore.
I want them to find
a good home.
Well, all in all, I suppose
it wasn't such a bad afternoon.
You crashing
at my place tonight?
I think Mom's.
It's closer to the club,
and I need to teach Getty
first thing in the morning.
Oh, yeah? How's things
with you and Getty?
He actually offered me
a job at his firm.
Oh, honey.
Honey, that's fantastic.
When do you start?
Well, I haven't decided
to take it yet.
What do you mean,
you haven't decided?
I don't wanna rush
into anything.
It's a big decision.
I wanna take my time,
weigh my options.
- What options?
- Other offers.
You've had other offers?
Travis at Channel 87 wants
to hire me full time.
To do what,
host a psychic hotline?
We didn't discuss job titles,
but, you know, some kind of
production assistant.
- Did you discuss a paycheck?
- No.
Oh, Jesus. Jesus.
Honey, please.
Listen to your old man.
Opportunities like Getty's
don't come along often.
This could set you up
for a very comfortable life.
What are you two
talking about?
We're discussing
our son's future.
Oh, good! Because I've been
giving it a lot of thought.
As someone who never got
to go to a four-year college
and regrets it,
I feel very strongly that you
should go back to NYU this fall
- and finish your degree.
- In what?
English, basket weaving--
It doesn't matter.
Just go get your diploma.
I'd rather he get a job.
Can we talk about all this
some other time?
When would you like
to talk about it,
when you're 40 and still
crashing on my couch?
Sam! Don't be mean!
I'm not being mean.
I'm being a father
who is giving his son
the kick in the ass he needs.
- I don't need
a kick in the ass.
- Oh, yeah? What do you need?
For you to get off
my fucking back!
Hey, don't speak
to your father that way.
Come on, Judy.
I'm leaving.
Are you still staying
at my place tonight?
Yeah. I'm gonna be
kind of late, though.
There's something
I need to do.
- Okay.
- Come on, Judy.
Gracie! Oh, honey!
Oh, you had me so worried!
Where was she?
Found her poking around
the dumpsters
behind the mini-mart
where I work.
You crossed the street
by yourself?
What were you thinking?
You could have been hit
by a Mack truck.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you so much,
Miss, um...
Agatha.
Agatha! Of course, yes!
From the-- Yeah, I'm sorry.
It's been a long day.
Why are you wearing a tie?
- Wedding.
- Oh.
- I like weddings.
- Me, too.
Listen, would you care
for some wedding cake?
'Cause I got a piece.
It's way too big for one person.
In fact, if my cardiologist
knew I was eating it
all by myself,
he'd have a coronary.
You have a heart condition?
I have asthma.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I tried calling you
the other day,
but you weren't home.
Why didn't you leave
a message?
I don't know. I guess
I figured it was better
we talk in person.
Yeah.
Machines are pretty
impersonal.
I guess there's
not much to say.
Maybe not.
Look, I don't--
I don't think either of us
has anything to apologize for.
We're just different people.
We have very different
points of view,
- or at least you do.
- What?
Uh, just have a point
of view.
Apparently,
I'm lacking in one,
according to Zan's
art teacher friend.
- She said that?
- Yeah.
Well, she's wrong,
so fuck her.
I brought you this.
It's the footage
I shot in Paris.
I got it transferred
to video.
Wow.
That feels like
a lifetime ago.
I know.
- I still can't believe
my parents showed up.
- Yeah, I know,
Can you imagine
what would have happened
if they knew I was
under the sofa naked?
Oh, God, no.
I know you're pretty busy,
so you probably won't get
a chance to watch it.
No. No, I will.
I want to.
I-- I wanna--
I should really
get back to work.
Okay.
Oh, by the way, your dad's
verdict is due any day now.
Probably Thursday or Friday.
I can't be there.
So it won't be awkward
for you to go.
I'll see if I can.
I have a lot going on.
You should be there.
**
* But when it dies *
* It dies for good *
* It's for love *
* And it belongs
to everyone but us *
* I've lived my life
in the valleys *
on the hills *
* I've lived my life
on alcohol *
on pills *
* But it's called love *
* And it belongs to us *
* It's called love *
* And it's the only thing
that's worth living for *
* It's called love *
* And it belongs to us *
* Yes, it's called love *